hello everyone and welcome to a new
guide video because this good I'm going to
show here a little of the gameplay
the quality of the image of the
capturing 3ds that Japanese comes to me
a few days ago and the
and the mess that has brought me the truth
It is the truth that
cost me a lot and install it not
install installed but do that
my computer worked because in addition
I have a mac device and it does not work
at maximums without only if you make a
partition on a roll
and then good as you see I still have not
managed to record the audio but the
true that I think we better recorded it
because I do not know if you know that youtube now
is putting more notifications of
copyright to the special gamers of
nintendo and most come from the
music of the games then the best
in this known way that they come to me
less strike no strikes but less
notifications and well that as it says is
so you can see how it looks from the
comments what do you think if it looks good or
not good to not finish this video already
Well, I thought I can teach you
some little things that I have here that I
I know how some shine is that I have go
let's see let's go to the
It's worth here here you are seeing I have more
what remains in my brother's game
this one is mine
to see here I have this stage spin and this
blue bulb that I got in the method
with the method most doubt the two have a
respective video on the channel as well
that a tutorial of the method most doubt this
and this one in chain fishing too
they have their respective videos and a
respective video of the guide on fishing
in chain of wow fets this data
and the truth is that this break
and this only one object during the game
but I know that I also have a bread with the
level 100 chain and in the other game with
be a gel jobs is in a few more
the truth and good here is simple
the comments if you want the yen that
you have to have and well what better
and now I can show you some of the
strictly boxed here
some of the pokemon and studios
using in competitive I have these
are the ones that I have here right now I have
more in the boxes but they are not
scattered these are the ones that I have
together I do not have this if they are at level 9
with firm and expert
truth machine demolition punjab- a
the round trip and persecution this
dragon knights confirm and compensation
to add and the great to add and what he did
a video of the 500 subscribers this me
gives cangas although it is very good but not
exists in the video yesterday is mona banned
to the use of the cascarita then it
would become a k cangas in which
leaves much to be desired, the truth loses
a lot and I think it's going to get the duty
just
and this one that is also a beast this
heel flame firm for sale voucher
acrobat a sword dance is a crack
and these are the ones that I'm using myself
for the moment this one is also trained
it's nothing if I do not use it because
get out of a lot of trouble and I'll take it
when when I can not and after
I have other
I have a coal and here to
annoy the rival by putting a board
is doing breathing swirling changing
and then I have a few out there that
I'm training, I have this
train with five jeeps I have to floor
the level that I have this most with firm
boost though he wants a witness in
the typical place of nursery and tetra
with been a cheerful one
a lot of level of cross-tie all
they are very good and pge this team moore
my franky romis
I have a lot of pokemon out there very
good ones
I know more that I have more but that they are
very lost out there I'm looking for but
well I do not find it did not find us
now does not equal
here is this video guys I hope
what do you think below in the comments or
you give me likes so that I know that the
quality is fine I know it's a roll what
of the sound but it is the best for
can continue uploading videos and
tutorials and all because it is that if you do not
I will be able to give me they will
block all the video then not
I do not think that happens then it 's
better to prevent than to cure all that they say
good nothing guys here I say goodbye I hope
that you liked this video
subscribe for more on my page
twitter a greeting and see you